This was brought up by the water
This is remaining of our beautiful beach
Oh my God, look at that!
Look at all the rubbish all over the place
The wave comes again, it comes again!
Look at that!
The wave comes again, it's a tidal wave!
Jesus Maria!
What is going on?
What is happening? Dear God!
Everything will be destroyed. Never seen something like this
Look at that boy!
People holding on to the poles
Oh my God!
Look at the car!
Oh virgin Mary
Look, the cars are floating around
Several cars are floating and sinking
oh, look at the cars floating in the lake
The old man is saving his belongings from devastation. He was in one of the bungalows
No need to comment these images.
They speak for themselves
Good God, the cars are still floating around over there
Two cars
The sea is still furious
Oh, what will happen now, we have nothing left, nothing.
Nothing to drink, no food
Good Lord